You are right,
But you don't know my Xu Cheng.
I know money or power,
I've robbed you too much.
Okay, then I'll take a look,
What kind of pen can you pretend to be?
If you can't pretend.
I'll let you know what Austria is.
Okay, I won’t sing for more than ten minutes, you can do it yourself.
Women, don’t be afraid,
What does it matter if you don't recognize him?
As long as I call my dad,
Bai Ping Young is here to help you at any time.
Thank you Mr. Cheng
I'm still too young to be conscious
But the difficulty is down
Who can be right with Zongdu Fu?
Are you kidding me?
You really have to do something right with Zongdufu. Don’t worry, I told you.
You can always believe who did what your mother did
What I said is correct.
It's too early to be happy
Now it's up to you
We are really being investigated. I don’t know who did it.
Didn't say it was a secret form
be able to reveal one's identity
It seems he is a bit
But it doesn't matter
The difficulty is all due to my dad
You don’t want my dad’s phone call
Everyone understands. Wait a minute.